Multi-application Workflows (#4847)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/developing-applications/building-blocks/workflow/workflow-multi-app.md

- Different parts of the workflow need to be executed in different geographic regions due to data residency requirements.
- An involved business process spans multiple teams or departments, each owning their own application.
- Implementation of a workflow spans different programming lanaguages based on team expertise or existing codebases.
- Different team boundaries or microservice ownership.

> - Shared activity pools where apps can expose activities and child workflows that can be called from multiple workflow orchestrators running in different applications, see image below:

Reviewer: This doesn't seem quite right to me.

Whether different app IDs share the same `activity` code, cross workflow execution is based on definite routing, meaning the target app ID is explicit.

It is currently impossible for activity execution to be pooled, and it not something we would intentionally want to support. Execution pooling is done at the app ID level.

It is possible to execute activities or child workflows on different app IDs by specifying the target app ID parameter, inside the workflow execution code.
Upon execution, the target app ID will execute the activity or child workflow, and return the result to the parent workflow of the originating app ID.
Workflows being durable, if the target activity or child workflow app ID is not available or has not been defined, the parent workflow retry until the target app ID becomes available, indefinitely.

> It is paramount that their is co-ordination between the teams owning the different app IDs to ensure that the activities and child workflows are defined and available when needed.

Reviewer: Why has this  been removed?

Reviewer 2: I moved it to the `# Error handling` section

Finally, the target app ID must have the activity or child workflow defined, otherwise the parent workflow will retry indefinitely.
{{% /alert %}}

{{% alert title="Important Limitations" color="warning" %}}

> - **Only some SDKs support multi-application workflows** - Multi-application workflows are dependent on the specific SDK implementation. Currently only available in the Java (partially) and Go SDKs. Other SDKs (Python, .NET, JavaScript) do not support any multi-application workflows features at this time.

Reviewer 3: @cicoyle @acroca Can you clarify what partially means here in Java? Is this saying it can only call remote activities and not remote child workflows?

Reviewer 3: Also are there any other examples of samples for Java and Go in the SDK repos that we can point to and put into a next steps section at the end of this article?

> - **Only some SDKs support multi-application workflows** - Multi-application workflows are dependent on the specific SDK implementation. Currently only available in the Java (partially) and Go SDKs. Other SDKs (Python, .NET, JavaScript) do not support any multi-application workflows features at this time.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- **SDKs supporting multi-application workflows** - Multi-application workflows are used via the SDKs. Currently Java (activities calling) and Go (both activities and child workflows calling) SDKs are supported. The SDKs (Python, .NET, JavaScript) are planned for future releases.
```

Finally, the target app ID must have the activity or child workflow defined, otherwise the parent workflow will retry indefinitely.
{{% /alert %}}

{{% alert title="Important Limitations" color="warning" %}}

> - **Only some SDKs support cross-app calls** - Cross-app operations are dependent on the specific SDK implementation. Currently only available in the Java (partially) and Go SDKs. Other SDKs (Python, .NET, JavaScript) do not support any cross-app features at this time.

Reviewer: Multi application

{{% /alert %}}

## Error handling

When calling cross-app activities or child workflows:

> - If the target application does not exist, the call will be retried using the provided retry policy

Reviewer: This gives the impression that if a target app ID is not available, the call that application will not be tried forever. I did not think this was the case- I certainly think it should try forever!

Reviewer 2: Well, the default behavior is to not retry (only one chance)

> - If the target application exists but doesn't contain the specified activity or workflow, the call will return an error

Reviewer: Please, let's keep using the same verbiage, which is "multi app", or "multiple application" execution. We will not be using "cross app".

> - If the target application exists but doesn't contain the specified activity or workflow, the call will return an error

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the target application does not exist, the call will be retried using the provided retry policy.
- If the target application exists but doesn't contain the specified activity or workflow, the call will return an error.
```

- Standard workflow retry policies apply to cross-app calls

It is paramount that there is co-ordination between the teams owning the different app IDs to ensure that the activities and child workflows are defined and available when needed.

## Multi-application activity example

> <img src="/images/workflow-overview/workflow-crossapp-callactivity.png" width=800 alt="Diagram showing cross-app call activity workflow pattern">

Reviewer: Multi-application

{{< /tabpane >}}

## Multi-application child workflow example

The following example shows how to execute child workflows on different target app IDs.

> <img src="/images/workflow-overview/workflow-crossapp-suborchestrator.png" width=800 alt="Diagram showing cross-app child workflow pattern">

Reviewer: multi application
